Host ID (#8246)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/compliance/fips_host-id-generation_core_[10,).partial.md

## NServiceBus

Starting in version 10.2, NServiceBus uses a non-cryptographic hash algorithm (XxHash128) to generate deterministic unique identifiers for endpoints, also known as host identifiers (HostIds). Because XxHash128 is not a cryptographic algorithm, FIPS policy enforcement does not block host identifier generation; the host ID workaround described below is no longer needed.

### Migrating from MD5 to XxHash128 host identifiers

> The new XxHash128-based algorithm produces different host identifiers than the legacy MD5-based algorithm. To avoid duplicate endpoint entries in [ServicePulse](/servicepulse/) after upgrading, the legacy MD5 algorithm remains the default in version 10.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The XxHash128-based algorithm produces different host identifiers than the legacy MD5-based algorithm. In version 10.2, the legacy MD5 algorithm remains the default, in order to avoid duplicate endpoint entries in [the ServicePulse Heartbeats view](/monitoring/heartbeats/in-servicepulse.md) after upgrading.
```

## NServiceBus

> Starting in version 10.2, NServiceBus uses a non-cryptographic hash algorithm (XxHash128) to generate deterministic unique identifiers for endpoints, also known as host identifiers (HostIds). This algorithm is not subject to FIPS policy enforcement and eliminates the need for workarounds on FIPS-enabled systems.

Reviewer 2: Since we include the licensing component, which still uses MD5, I'm not sure this is 100% true?
